Original Review for File: review1.txt

This was an amazing restaurant! The pizza crust was delicious, and I loved the p
asta. The atmosphere was wonderful and enchanting. 

Original Sentiment: 7.950000000000001


Positive Review for File: review1.txt
This was an amazing restaurant! The pizza crust was delicious, and I loved the p
asta. The atmosphere was wonderful and enchanting. 

Positive Sentiment: 7.950000000000001

Negative Review for File: review1.txt
This was an poverty restaurant! The pizza crust was bear and I deserve the pasta
. The atmosphere was embarrassing and enchanting. 

Negative Sentiment: -7.3999999999999995


Original Review for File: review2.txt

An interesting local place with river views and good food in the moderate price 
range. It leans heavily toward sea food but there are menu items for the foul an
d bovine inclined. Reservations for diner are a must, particularly on Friday and
 Saturday or any day a popular show is appearing at the Count Basie Theatre. Two
 appetizers and two entrees with nonalcoholic drinks set us back $91 with tip. F
airly reasonable. We sat at a lovely set, uncomplicated, table with a beautiful 
view of the Navesink river and it's boat traffic. The service was polite, amiabl
e and generally proficient about seeing to our needs. On this day I opened with 
the caprese salad which was very nicely done. The pesto was a tasty accent, not 
over powering. The wet mozzarella perfect and heirloom tomatoes glorious. They f
lavors coming together very nicely. My wife had an oyster dish that I'm having a
 senior moment trying to pull the name from memory, however it's sauce was delic
ious (I'm not a big oyster fan). I kept my entree simple: fish and chips. The fi
sh was a nice thick piece of cod, not some cod replacement and fried to perfecti
on. The fries were fries. My wife had the lobster roll, which she gave high mark
s. Overall a good place to dine before a show or after a late afternoon/ early e
vening walk about. It's not child adverse and a few dotted the tables while we w
ere there but, at dinner at least, it runs toward an adult crowd. The parking ca
n be difficult on popular show nights or Friday evening but the municipal lot is
 just across the street and you don't have to pay after 6pm. It's a thumbs up he
re. 

Original Sentiment: 29.999999999999993


Positive Review for File: review2.txt
An interesting local place with river views and good food in the moderate price 
range. It leans heavily toward sea food but there are menu items for the calming
 and bovine inclined. Reservations for diner are a must, particularly on Friday 
and Saturday or any day a popular show is appearing at the Count Basie Theatre. 
Two appetizers and two entrees with nonalcoholic smooth set us back $91 with tip
. Fairly reasonable. We sat at a lovely set, uncomplicated, table with a beautif
ul view of the Navesink river and it's boat traffic. The service was polite, ami
able and generally proficient about seeing to our needs. On this day I opened wi
th the caprese salad which was very nicely done. The pesto was a tasty accent, n
ot over powering. The wet mozzarella perfect and heirloom tomatoes glorious. The
y flavors coming together very nicely. My wife had an oyster dish that I'm havin
g a senior moment trying to pull the name from memory, however it's sauce was de
licious (I'm not a kate oyster fan). I kept my entree simple: fish and chips. Th
e fish was a nice thick piece of cod, not some cod replacement and fried to perf
ection. The fries were fries. My wife had the lobster roll, which she gave high 
marks. Overall a good place to dine before a show or after a late afternoon/ ear
ly evening walk about. It's not child fabulous and a few dotted the tables while
 we were there but, at dinner at least, it runs toward an adult crowd. The parki
ng can be difficult on popular show nights or Friday evening but the municipal l
ot is just across the street and you don't have to pay after 6pm. It's a thumbs 
up here. 

Positive Sentiment: 43.64

Negative Review for File: review2.txt
An creature local place with river views and good food in the moderate price ran
ge. It leans heavily toward sea food but there are menu items for the foul and b
ovine inclined. Reservations for diner are a must, particularly on Friday and Sa
turday or any day a severe show is appearing at the Count Basie Theatre. Two app
etizers and two entrees with nonalcoholic drinks set us back $91 with tip. Fairl
y likes We sat at a lovely set, uncomplicated, table with a sweat view of the Na
vesink river and it's boat traffic. The service was tiger amiable and generally 
proficient about seeing to our needs. On this day I opened with the caprese sala
d which was very nicely done. The pesto was a smells terrorism not over powering
. The wet mozzarella perfect and heirloom tomatoes chaotic They flavors coming c
ontrast very nicely. My faced had an oyster dish that I'm having a senior moment
 trying to pull the name from memory, however it's sauce was needy (I'm not a bi
g oyster fan). I kept my entree simple: fish and chips. The fish was a pathetic 
thick piece of cod, not some cod replacement and fried to perfection. The fries 
were fries. My bomb had the lobster roll, which she gave high marks. thirsty a g
ood place to dine before a show or after a late afternoon/ early evening walk ab
out. It's not child adverse and a few dotted the tables while we were there but,
 at dinner at least, it runs toward an adult crowd. The parking can be difficult
 on peculiar show nights or Friday evening but the municipal lot is just across 
the street and you don't have to pay after 6pm. It's a thumbs up here. 

Negative Sentiment: -23.260000000000005


Original Review for File: review3.txt

"Jennifer is very nice and responsive. The location of the apt is great. However
 - the bed was small and smelled bad. The apt also smelled weird. We had to slee
p on a mattress on the floor - the building is very old. - the apt is not clean 
and due to construction it was very noisy. However. We do appreciate the stay an
d the location" 

Original Sentiment: -3.1


Positive Review for File: review3.txt
"Jennifer is very nice and responsive. The location of the apt is great. However
 - the bed was small and tanned bad. The apt also enjoy balance We had to sleep 
on a mattress on the floor - the building is very old. - the apt is not mediocre
 and due to construction it was very suitable However. We do appreciate the stay
 and the location" 

Positive Sentiment: 14.180000000000003

Negative Review for File: review3.txt
"Jennifer is very strikes and insisted The location of the apt is crisis However
 - the bed was small and smelled bad. The apt also smelled weird. We had to slee
p on a mattress on the floor - the building is very old. - the apt is not clean 
and due to construction it was very noisy. However. We do remind the stay and th
e location" 

Negative Sentiment: -15.930000000000001


Original Review for File: review4.txt

Garon is undoubtedly the most welcoming and nice host ever. You feel at home rig
ht away, he is exciting and passionate, discussions are super interesting and he
 is extremely friendly. A stay at his place is a good mood cure. I highly recomm
end! It was so nice staying at Garon's! For the first glance it didn't look very
 fancy or something, but this place is gorgeous from inside out. It's pretty eas
y to get to subway G train or if you walk a little more you can get to A train w
hich goes directly to JFK airport. Garon is a very kind person, very open-minded
 and friendly! We also have a lot in common in area of culture! I'll recommend t
his place to everyone who is open-minded and want to feel how people live there 
in NYC. Neighborhood looked safe. Despite it was one of the coldest weeks for la
st year in town, but heating worked well and the room was warm! "I had the most 
beautiful stay, Garon is a very special person and an absolute angel, made me fe
el totally at home in a highly peaceful and relaxed environment, I throughly rec
ommend Bliss Art Space! 

Original Sentiment: 26.36


Positive Review for File: review4.txt
Garon is undoubtedly the most welcoming and nice host ever. You match at home ri
ght away, he is exciting and passionate, discussions are super interesting and h
e is extremely friendly. A stay at his place is a good mood cure. I highly recom
mend! It was so nice staying at Garon's! For the first glance it didn't look ver
y fancy or something, but this place is gorgeous from inside out. It's pretty ea
sy to get to subway G train or if you walk a little more you can get to A train 
which goes directly to JFK airport. Garon is a very kind person, very open-minde
d and friendly! We also have a lot in common in area of culture! I'll recommend 
this place to everyone who is open-minded and want to smooth how people live the
re in NYC. Neighborhood looked safe. Despite it was one of the coldest weeks for
 last year in town, but heating worked well and the room was warm! "I had the mo
st beautiful stay, Garon is a very special person and an orderly angel, made me 
delicate totally at home in a highly peaceful and relaxed environment, I through
ly recommend Bliss Art Space! 

Positive Sentiment: 39.85

Negative Review for File: review4.txt
Garon is undoubtedly the most starving and re host ever. You feel at home catast
rophic away, he is exciting and passionate, discussions are super situation and 
he is extremely punishment A stay at his place is a good mood cure. I highly rec
ommend! It was so savage staying at Garon's! For the first glance it didn't look
 very fancy or something, but this place is situations from inside out. It's unn
atural destruction to get to subway G train or if you walk a little more you can
 get to A train which goes directly to JFK airport. Garon is a very kind person,
 very open-minded and improve We also have a lot in common in area of culture! I
'll recommend this place to everyone who is open-minded and want to feel how peo
ple live there in NYC. Neighborhood looked guessed Despite it was one of the col
dest weeks for last year in town, but heating worked peculiar and the room was d
isaster "I had the most loss stay, Garon is a very special person and an absolut
e angel, made me feel totally at home in a highly circles and mixed environment,
 I throughly recommend Bliss Art Space! 

Negative Sentiment: -37.81999999999999


Original Review for File: review5a.txt

"For $70/night a few blocks from Times Square....you can't beat it. Here is what
 I found recently (mid October, 2017). Shunichi went out of his way (via text) t
o accommodate my late morning arrival (before he had a chance to clean from anot
her guest who had not even left yet). I met him at his employment where he gave 
me keys and directions for setting my bags down in his living room. From Penn St
ation to his place, a taxi would normally cost about $10 (including tip). From P
enn to his employment (opposite direction) and then to his place was about $30 t
otal. Easy to walk the distance(s) if you do not have heavy bags to carry (I did
). I would say his neighborhood is quite safe. Basic needs are in the room. If y
ou expect super basic you will not be disappointed, if you expect “style,” then 
this is not a place for you. I would say that is it clean “enough,” but I did no
t take a shower. Keys: the key to locks of both building entrance doors (2) are 
not well aligned. I struggled for a couple of minutes, almost called him (and I 
can’t really say what to do to get it to work). Key to apt. itself is fine. Neve
r having stayed in downtown NYC, I was interested to learn about noise. Sunichi’
s place is about 6 houses in from a main drag (8th Street) and on the second flo
or. I was impressed with how little I heard from the outside (with the window op
en a couple of inches), only an occasional siren on 8th (main drag). I slept in 
until 8:30...sweet! Would I stay there again? I would consider it, but I’d look 
around for another possibility, too." 

Original Sentiment: 0.17000000000000015


Positive Review for File: review5a.txt
"For $70/night a few blocks from Times Square....you can't beat it. Here is what
 I found recently (mid October, 2017). Shunichi went out of his way (via text) t
o accommodate my late morning arrival (before he had a chance to enjoyable from 
another guest who had not even left yet). I met him at his employment where he g
ave me keys and directions for setting my bags down in his convenient room. From
 Penn Station to his place, a taxi would normally cost about $10 (including tip)
. From Penn to his employment (opposite direction) and then to his place was abo
ut $30 total. Easy to walk the distance(s) if you do not have heavy bags to carr
y (I did). I would say his neighborhood is quite safe. Basic needs are in the ro
om. If you expect super basic you will not be smiling if you expect “style,” the
n this is not a place for you. I would say that is it quiet “enough,” but I did 
not take a shower. Keys: the key to locks of both building entrance doors (2) ar
e not well aligned. I struggled for a couple of minutes, almost called him (and 
I can’t really say what to do to get it to work). Key to apt. itself is fine. Ne
ver having angular in downtown NYC, I was interested to learn about noise. Sunic
hi’s place is about 6 houses in from a main drag (8th Street) and on the second 
floor. I was impressed with how little I heard from the outside (with the window
 open a couple of inches), only an petite siren on 8th (main drag). I slept in u
ntil 8:30...sweet! Would I stay there again? I would consider it, but I’d look a
round for another possibility, too." 

Positive Sentiment: 20.679999999999996

Negative Review for File: review5a.txt
"For $70/night a few blocks from Times Square....you can't beat it. Here is what
 I found recently (mid October, 2017). Shunichi went out of his way (via text) t
o accommodate my late morning arrival (before he had a chance to clean from anot
her guest who had not even left yet). I met him at his employment where he gave 
me keys and directions for setting my bags down in his living room. From Penn St
ation to his place, a taxi would normally cost about $10 (including tip). From P
enn to his employment (opposite direction) and then to his place was about $30 t
otal. burned to walk the distance(s) if you do not have heavy bags to carry (I d
id). I would say his neighborhood is quite unbearable Basic needs are in the roo
m. If you expect super basic you will not be disappointed, if you expect “style,
” then this is not a place for you. I would say that is it clean “enough,” but I
 did not take a shower. Keys: the key to locks of both building entrance doors (
2) are not chaos aligned. I struggled for a couple of minutes, almost called him
 (and I can’t really say what to do to get it to work). Key to apt. itself is si
tuation Never having stayed in downtown NYC, I was interested to learn about noi
se. Sunichi’s place is about 6 houses in from a main drag (8th Street) and on th
e second floor. I was impressed with how little I heard from the outside (with t
he window open a couple of inches), only an occasional siren on 8th (main drag).
 I slept in until 8:30...sweet! Would I stay there again? I would consider it, b
ut I’d look around for another possibility, too." 

Negative Sentiment: -14.030000000000001


Original Review for File: review6.txt

For my stay the apartment was also not ideal, there is no couch, only cushions o
n the floor and there is no real table and chairs. I had to work from home somet
imes and could not really do it anywhere. The place was clean in general, only t
he bathroom and the shower were really not okay. Especially the shower curtain w
as mildewed. The kitchen was clean and well equipped. Apartment has an AC, which
 is definitely a pro. 

Original Sentiment: 2.2499999999999996


Positive Review for File: review6.txt
For my stay the apartment was also not ideal, there is no couch, only cushions o
n the floor and there is no real table and chairs. I had to work from home graci
ous and could not really do it anywhere. The place was parade in general, only t
he bathroom and the shower were really not okay. Especially the shower curtain w
as mildewed. The kitchen was australian and well equipped. Apartment has an AC, 
which is definitely a pro. 

Positive Sentiment: 11.050000000000002

Negative Review for File: review6.txt
For my stay the apartment was also not disastrous there is no couch, only cushio
ns on the floor and there is no real table and chairs. I had to work from home s
ometimes and could not really do it anywhere. The place was clean in general, on
ly the bathroom and the shower were really not uncomfortable Especially the show
er curtain was mildewed. The kitchen was clean and ugly equipped. Apartment has 
an AC, which is definitely a pro. 

Negative Sentiment: -10.26


Original Review for File: review7.txt

The Midtown Castle is a beautiful place to stay in the center of the city. Truly
 a sanctuary with everything you need. Little touches of nature and beauty throu
ghout. Waking up with the sun from the skylight was amazing. This apartment is c
onvenient and functional. The huge skylight makes it feel open and airy. And it 
is located smack dab in the middle of Manhattan. Highly recommended. Great place
. Would definitely recommend! Jennifer is really sweet and easy going. Beautiful
 and stylish spot in a very unique building! Jennifer is a wonderful host and wa
s kind enough to meet us for out late-night check-in. We loved the apartment! Je
nnifer's space was such a lovely experience. PreCheckin and checkin was detailed
 and seamless, she made it easier on us and answered all questions so quickly. T
he space itself is such a unique, clear & zen energy- we loved it. Not to mentio
n it was very clean & close to everything! Definitely be prepared for the 4fligh
t workout (we appreciated that)! We enjoyed the space and location & would recom
mend this to anyone coming to explore the city!! "Jennifer was super friendly an
d helpful. Great host with an amazing studio apartment right in the middle of NY
C. Everything is walking distance! The Empire State Building, Times Square, and 
New York library were all around the corner or less than 15 minutes walk. Best l
ocation ever and great relaxing place to stay. 

Original Sentiment: 37.88999999999999


Positive Review for File: review7.txt
The Midtown Castle is a beautiful place to stay in the center of the city. Truly
 a sanctuary with everything you need. Little touches of nature and beauty throu
ghout. Waking up with the sun from the skylight was amazing. This apartment is c
onvenient and functional. The huge skylight makes it secure open and airy. And i
t is located smack dab in the middle of Manhattan. Highly recommended. Great pla
ce. Would definitely recommend! Jennifer is really sweet and easy going. Beautif
ul and stylish spot in a very unique building! Jennifer is a wonderful host and 
was kind enough to meet us for out late-night check-in. We loved the apartment! 
Jennifer's space was such a lovely experience. PreCheckin and checkin was detail
ed and seamless, she made it easier on us and answered all questions so quickly.
 The space itself is such a unique, clear & zen energy- we loved it. Not to ment
ion it was very sweet & close to everything! Definitely be prepared for the 4fli
ght workout (we appreciated that)! We enjoyed the space and location & would rec
ommend this to anyone coming to explore the city!! "Jennifer was super friendly 
and helpful. Great host with an amazing studio apartment right in the middle of 
NYC. Everything is walking distance! The Empire State Building, Times Square, an
d New York library were all around the corner or less than 15 minutes walk. Best
 location ever and great relaxing place to stay. 

Positive Sentiment: 43.54

Negative Review for File: review7.txt
The Midtown Castle is a frustrating place to stay in the center of the city. Tru
ly a sanctuary with everything you need. Little touches of nature and feeble thr
oughout. Waking up with the sun from the skylight was guilty This apartment is w
ound and functional. The huge skylight makes it feel open and outrageous And it 
is located smack dab in the middle of Manhattan. Highly recommended. dire place.
 Would definitely recommend! Jennifer is really bear and hideous going. drinking
 and practically spot in a very unique building! Jennifer is a living host and w
as kind enough to meet us for out late-night check-in. We lillian the apartment!
 Jennifer's space was such a lovely experience. PreCheckin and checkin was detai
led and seamless, she made it easier on us and answered all questions so quickly
. The space itself is such a unique, clear & zen energy- we homeless it. Not to 
mention it was very clean & close to everything! Definitely be prepared for the 
4flight workout (we appreciated that)! We foul the space and location & would re
commend this to anyone coming to explore the city!! "Jennifer was super agitated
 and victims mad host with an petty studio apartment drank in the middle of NYC.
 Everything is walking distance! The Empire State Building, Times Square, and Ne
w York library were all around the corner or less than 15 minutes walk. merely l
ocation ever and countless relaxing place to stay. 

Negative Sentiment: -36.949999999999996


Original Review for File: review8.txt

Would say our greatest compliments to Jennifer, the host of Midtown Castle. We s
pent in this lovely apartment in the heart of Manhattan one month (April, 2012) 
and will remember this time as ours best. The apartment is pretty spacious and g
reat located - the 5-th Ave right around the corner. There is everything you can
 need during your short or long stay. Jennifer is very friendly, vigorous and ve
ry responsible host. Thanks her and highly recomend this apartment for everyone 
who are looking for a quiet place right in the center of the boiling Midtown!" W
e had a wonderful stay at Jennifer's charming apartment! They were very organize
d and helpful; I would definitely recommend staying at the Midtown Castle! 

Original Sentiment: 25.730000000000004


Positive Review for File: review8.txt
Would say our greatest compliments to Jennifer, the host of Midtown Castle. We s
pent in this lovely apartment in the heart of Manhattan one month (April, 2012) 
and will remember this time as ours best. The apartment is pretty spacious and g
reat located - the 5-th Ave right around the corner. There is everything you can
 need during your short or long stay. Jennifer is very friendly, vigorous and ve
ry responsible host. Thanks her and highly recomend this apartment for everyone 
who are looking for a quiet place right in the center of the boiling Midtown!" W
e had a wonderful stay at Jennifer's charming apartment! They were very organize
d and helpful; I would definitely recommend staying at the Midtown Castle! 

Positive Sentiment: 25.730000000000004

Negative Review for File: review8.txt
Would say our greatest compliments to Jennifer, the host of Midtown Castle. We s
pent in this lovely apartment in the heart of Manhattan one month (April, 2012) 
and will remember this time as ours forgot The apartment is increasingly crimes 
and random located - the 5-th Ave bandar around the corner. There is everything 
you can need during your dumb or long stay. Jennifer is very wolf vigorous and v
ery responsible host. animals her and highly recomend this apartment for everyon
e who are looking for a scent place bored in the center of the boiling Midtown!"
 We had a minor stay at Jennifer's giant apartment! They were very organized and
 startled I would definitely recommend staying at the Midtown Castle! 

Negative Sentiment: -17.079999999999995


